Add Number of Training Examples Per Intent (#6250)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/6134.improvement.rst

> I log the number of examples per intent, with an attempt at making the output somewhat easy to read. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log the number of examples per intent during training. Logging can be enabled using ``rasa train --debug``.
```
